beekeeping is the process of farming the
bees essentially for the honey or the
wax also the pop the pollen or the
propolis an apiary is basically what we
would call the area where we actually
keep the hives we call them also be
yards and we keep between 12 and 36
hives and one apiary beekeeping seems
regrowing as a hobby I think mostly
because of all the problems that the
bees have been having the bees are
getting a lot of press and people are
starting to notice that the bees are
really important to our ecosystems but
also the our farming and the food that
people eat every single day and the main
priority when taking care of bees
especially nowadays is to keep them free
of diseases there's a lot of problems
with disease in hives all over North
America really in the world the bee
hives consist mostly of a wooden box
we keep nine frames of beeswax in which
are contained in wooden frames as well
underneath that we've got a hive bottom
which has this little landing area for
the bees to come in and out and the
entranceway for the bees to enter the
hive bees work from instinct so for the
greater part of the time though they
will be doing something if they're not
out side foraging the flowers the
greater part of the bees will be inside
the hive helping to store the food that
the other bees are bringing in but also
to take care of the brood the larvae and
the eggs that the queen is laying the
queen bee doesn't take care of any of
the brood herself it's entirely the job
of the worker bees at the peak of this
summer one hive can hold about 60,000
bees when their bees are doing a lot of
foraging and they're flying a lot a bee
only lives about six
later in the year like starting in the
fall they can live for a few months
because they're not as spending as much
time flying outside and they're spending
more time just inside the hive first of
all the thing you need is probably this
the bee suit that I've got on here
well it also comes with a mesh hood to
keep the bees off of your face this is
our hive tool which we use for prying
the frames apart and the boxes as well
as since they do get pretty sticky we
also have our smoker which we use to
calm the bees
so for smoker fuel we use a combination
of paper and dried horse manure so first
I'm going to take off the top cover here
and we just set it to the side then the
inner cover and this is the theatre tank
but the smoke does and makes the bees
think that there's a fire nearby and so
they prepare to evacuate the hive and
what they do is they fill up their
stomachs with honey so that if they have
to be gone away from the hive for a long
time there will be able to handle it
obviously one of the biggest danger is
the bee stings but that can be pretty
easily avoided if you're approaching the
bees calmly and gently and you're not
opening up the hives and bad weather
which irritates them quite a bit and you
also use the smoker to kind of distract
them from the fact that you're poking
around and they're in their home in the
two seasons of beekeeping I have been
stung about 15 times and I don't react
very well to bee stings at all
unfortunately but I found that the best
remedy as a preventative measure is to
put a penny on the sting because it
draws the copper and the penny draws out
the bee venom if you want to take up
beekeeping I would start by doing a lot
of reading there's lots of information
available nowadays since it is so
popular and stay in touch with a
beekeeper if you're buying bees and
equipment from them because they can be
a really good resource for all your
questions I love that it's a job that
lets me work outdoors I feel like I'm
doing something that is actually fairly
important to
the way that our world is working and
that I get to teach people about these
really important in sixth